update Command Line Options with explicit commands for Windows & macOS (#313)
mixxxdj/manual: source/chapters/appendix.rst

  Copy the path and paste it in terminal and add ``\mixxx`` at the end - everything should be inside quotes. Press Enter. The entire command will look like this ::

    "C:\Program Files\Mixxx\mixxx"

**macOS**
  Similarly, for macOS, the command will be ::

    /Applications/Mixxx.app/Contents/MacOS/mixxx

**GNU/ Linux**
  If Mixxx is in your system's search path (``$PATH``), you can just type ::

   mixxx

Command line options
--------------------

Mixxx is designed to be as user-friendly as possible. As such, its command line
options are only useful for development or debugging, as they make these tasks
easier. Command line options are case-sensitive.

To launch Mixxx with any of these command line options, simply append the option to the base command for your operating system. For example, to launch Mixxx in developer mode on Windows, type this in terminal ::

  "C:\Program Files\Mixxx\mixxx" --developer

In addition to these options, it is possible to specify one or more music
file(s) on the command line. These will be loaded at start-up.  Each file you
specify will be loaded into the next virtual deck. For a list of supported file
types, go to :ref:`configuration-import`.

> 

Reviewer: Unneeded newlines

.. _appendix-command-line-options:

Launching Mixxx from the Command Line
=====================================
To launch Mixxx using the command line:

**Windows**
  Locate the folder where Mixxx is installed and copy the file path. You can also obtain the file path by right clicking on the Mixxx icon and then choosing 'Properties'.
  Copy the path and paste it in terminal and add ``\mixxx`` at the end - everything should be inside quotes. Press Enter. The entire command will look like this ::

    "C:\Program Files\Mixxx\mixxx"

  You could also choose to first ::

    cd "C:\Program Files\Mixxx"

  and then enter ::

>     mixxx

Reviewer: I don't think this is needed.

> **Mac OSX**

Reviewer 2: Apple now stylizes it as `macOS` since 2016: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MacOS_Sierra

  Similarly, for MacOSX, the command will be ::

>     %PROGRAMFILES%\Mixxx\mixxx.exe

Reviewer 2: This should be `/Applications/Mixxx.app/Contents/MacOS/mixxx`

  or ::

>     %PROGRAMFILES(x86)%\Mixxx\mixxx.exe

Reviewer: This is for windows, not macOS :smile:

  depending on the path in which you have Mixxx installed.

**GNU/ Linux**

>   The command is ::
> 
>    mixxx
> 
>   (assuming the mixxx executable is in $PATH). Press Enter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If Mixxx is in our system's search path (``$PATH``), you can just type ::

   mixxx
```

specify will be loaded into the next virtual deck. For a list of supported file
types, go to :ref:`configuration-import`.

> To launch Mixxx using the command line:

Reviewer: I think we should name the whole section "Launching Mixxx from the Command Line", then make "Command Line Options" a subsection of it.

> For Windows OS, open the folder where Mixxx is installed and copy the file path. You can also obtain the file path by right clicking on the Mixxx icon and clicking 'Properties'. The path will usually look like ``C:\Program Files\Mixxx`` or ``C:\Program Files (x86)\Mixxx``. Change directory to this path in the command line by typing ``cd C:\Program Files\Mixxx``. Once the command prompt is at this location, type ``mixxx`` and press Enter.

Reviewer: It's not necessary to `cd` to it, you can can also just type `C:\Program Files\Mixxx\mixxx --developer` directly.

Reviewer: Please also add information about the other OSes. On Linux, you can just type `mixxx` (assuming the `mixxx` executable is in `$PATH`). @ronso0 explained in #272 how to run it on macOS. I think we should use a layout like here for the different OSes: https://manual.mixxx.org/2.2/en/chapters/getting_started.html#opening-mixxx

Author: Ohh yes! This looks better. Let me make the required changes.

Author: > It's not necessary to `cd` to it, you can can also just type `C:\Program Files\Mixxx\mixxx --developer` directly.

Hi @Holzhaus I tried this option and it did not seem to work for me. I tried different options but this is what i got

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/28389950/100883642-9d75af00-34c1-11eb-9257-87c9657bf58c.png)

I was only successful with `cd` then `mixxx`.
What do you think?

Reviewer 2: I think you need quotes around the full path name so the spaces are not interpreted as separating command arguments:
```
"C:\Program Files\Mixxx\mixxx --developer"
```

Author: Also, the command specified [here](https://mixxx.org/manual/latest/en/chapters/appendix.html#developer-tools) for starting Mixxx in Developer mode from a custom resource directory with MIDI and HID logging enabled might also be OS specific.
Should I change this to state that the user can simply append `--controllerDebug --developer --resourcePath res` to the base command depending on their operating system?

Author: Hey @ronso0 I would love to get your thoughts on this as well.

Reviewer: > I think you need quotes around the full path name so the spaces are not interpreted as separating command arguments:
> 
> ```
> "C:\Program Files\Mixxx\mixxx --developer"
> ```

That should be

    "C:\Program Files\Mixxx\mixxx" --developer

Author: > I think you need quotes around the full path name so the spaces are not interpreted as separating command arguments:
> 
> ```
> "C:\Program Files\Mixxx\mixxx --developer"
> ```

Hi @Be-ing, I have just tried that as well. It still didn't work.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/28389950/100887317-e0398600-34c5-11eb-8152-191866e40c4b.png)

Reviewer 2: The path for `cd` should not include the `mixxx` executable:
```
cd "C:\Program Files\Mixxx"
mixxx --developer
```

```
"C:\Program Files\Mixxx\mixxx" --developer
```

I think those would both work.

Author: Yes. They worked! Thank you.
